---
title: Administration
description: Navigating and using the Administration Menu
---

Clicking on your Profile icon from any screen opens the Administration Drawer. This drawer will look slightly differently based on what role you possess. The options here can include **Profile**, **User Interface**, **Library Mangement**, **Administration**, **Server Stats**, and **About**.

## Profile

All users are able to see this screen. From here you change your username, password, and email.

Additionally, you can submit your Retroachievements username and sychronize your achievements here.

## User Interface

From here you can change your language, the color scheme of RomM, what ribbons are visible to you on the home screen, how to group your platforms, and what information to display on game cards. Finally, you can configure your autogenerated collections here, and the source for those collections.

## Library Management

From this screen, you can edit your platform bindings and versions on the config tab, and manage your missing games on the Missing Games tab.

## Administration

From this page you can manage your users, and check your scheduled and manual tasks.

## Server Stats

This area shows the number of platforms, games, saves, states, and screenshots on the server as well as how much space this consumes. Platforms can be filtered here to show how much they contribute to size and game count.

## About

This pop-up shows your RomM version, with links to the community discord, github, and documentation.
